docs: add fastify-delay-request (#4569)
fastify/fastify: docs/Guides/Ecosystem.md

  functions.
- [`fastify-decorators`](https://github.com/L2jLiga/fastify-decorators) Fastify
  plugin that provides the set of TypeScript decorators.

> - [`fastify-delay-request`](https://github.com/climba03003/fastify-delay-request)
>   Fastify plugin that allow to spin up the server while some request is waiting
>   for heavy task to finish before response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`fastify-delay-request`](https://github.com/climba03003/fastify-delay-request)
  Fastify plugin that queues requests that are sent whilst the server is starting
  or a high resource task is finishing.
```

Author: It is not clear enough since the server is already startup. But, the request is waiting for some jobs to finish before response.

Reviewer: > It is not clear enough since the server is already startup and the request is waiting for some jobs to finish before response.

Cheers, that makes it clearer

Reviewer: Have updated wording again.
